PSMDB-1487 Docs for 8.0 (#895)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/psmdb-pro.md

Percona Server for MongoDB Pro is a build of Percona Server for MongoDB that contains purpose-built enterprise [features](#features). It is wrapped in packages created and tested by Percona and is available exclusively for Percona customers.

> Percona Server for MongpDB Pro is available starting with version [7.0.4-2](release_notes/https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/release_notes/7.0.4-2.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Server for MongoDB Pro is available starting with version [8.0.1-1](release_notes/https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/release_notes/8.0.1-1.html).
```

| Name                                | Version added | Description  | 
| ----------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------

> | [FIPS support ](fips.md)| [7.0.4-2](https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/release_notes/7.0.4-2.html) | FIPS mode provides a way to use FIPS-compliant encryption and run the Percona Server for MongoDB with the FIPS-140 certified library for OpenSSL. This helps customers meet minimum security requirements for cryptographic modules and testing in both hardware and software. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [FIPS support ](fips.md)| [8.0.1-1](https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/release_notes/8.0.1-1.html) | FIPS mode provides a way to use FIPS-compliant encryption and run the Percona Server for MongoDB with the FIPS-140 certified library for OpenSSL. This helps customers meet minimum security requirements for cryptographic modules and testing in both hardware and software. |
```
